Update Contributing documentation for Colaboratory workflow (#290)
astropy/astropy-tutorials: CONTRIBUTING.rst

* The tutorials must be compatible with the versions supported by the last major
  release of the Astropy core package (i.e. Python >= 3.5)

Template intro
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The first cell in every tutorial notebook must adhere to the following format.

Reviewer: "must" feels a bit strong. Maybe "should" is better? or some other phrasing. 
```suggestion
The first cell in every tutorial notebook is used for the title, author list, keywords, and summary and should adhere to the following format:
```
